RHIDP-11676: Orchestrator - Migrate doc for Log aggregation and Open Telemetry feature (#2027)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/extend_orchestrator-in-rhdh/assembly-diagnose-workflow-failures-in-minutes-with-centralized-logging.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]

> [id="diagnose-workflow-failures-in-minutes-with-centralized-logging_{context}"]

Reviewer: Just a suggestion:
"Diagnose workflow failures by using centralized logging"

(To add "in minutes" sounds a little like marketing.. I'm not sure if it's okay. If it is approved and suggested by PMs, please ignore my comment! :) )

> = Diagnose workflow failures in minutes with centralized logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Diagnose workflow failures by using centralized logging
```
(Please ignore if not relevant)

:context: diagnose-workflow-failures-in-minutes-with-centralized-logging

[role="_abstract"]

> Search all workflow logs from a single dashboard to diagnose failures in minutes instead of hours. Structured logging connects process instances with traces and enables automated alerts when workflows fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search all workflow logs from a single dashboard in {product} to diagnose failures quickly. Use structured logging to connect process instances with traces and set up automated alerts for workflow failures.
```
